# TechED-CD14-week1-assignment

I'm certain that I will have met at least the basic requirements for the assignment such as a clear structure, the ability to interact with the page, and text being overlaid onto images. this, along with the addition of hover effects for relevant links and buttons to make them more interactive and the "back to top" button. However i wasnt able to implement smooth scrolling or a background music track.

Personally i found building the site fairly easy, relatively speaking of course, but figuring out what i wanted the site to be about and gathering the resources (such as the images) as well as figuring out what exactly i wanted the interaction and the functionality of the site to be was fairly difficult for me, especially with only the knowledge i have thus far from the course. most of my time on this assignment was spent figuring those aspects out and making sure minor bugs or errors (like images suddenly appearing across the page or the text no longer fitting within their respective containers or even the whole page suddenly having too much empty space on one site or at the bottom) were corrected after implementing other sections within the html or the css code. most of those were simple fixes though, small things that just needed adjusting or tags not bring complete for certain styling aspects, things like that.

I for one like how everything turned out, and while I do wish that I could have implemented more or added more funcyionality im not going to complain with what I ended up with. Hopefully thats something I can fix or figure out later on in the course.
